docs(web, web-react): add `Collapse` alternative to `Checkbox`/`Toggle` consent examples (#2810)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web/src/scss/components/Checkbox/README.md

</div>
```

## Consent with Details

For consent scenarios where users need access to supplementary content — such as terms and conditions or a privacy
policy — use the [`InputDetails`][readme-input-details] element to render a trigger below the label. The linked
content can be revealed in a [Modal][readme-modal] dialog or expanded inline with [Collapse][readme-collapse].

**Keep the checkbox label itself as short as possible at all times.** Move any supplementary explanation into
`InputDetails` instead. Screen readers read the full label out loud, so a long label is read in full every time.
Short labels are also easier for sighted users to scan.

### With Modal

```html
<div class="Flex Flex--horizontal Flex--inline py-500" style="--flex-spacing-x: var(--spirit-space-500);">
  <input type="checkbox" id="consent" class="Checkbox" name="consent" aria-details="consent-details" required />
  <div class="Stack Stack--spacing" style="--stack-spacing: var(--spirit-space-400);">

>     <label class="Label Label--required cursor-pointer" for="consent">I agree to the terms and privacy policy</label>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <label class="Label Label--required cursor-pointer" for="consent">I agree to the terms and conditions</label>
```
